Of all the Ivy Leagues, Harvard University is the most interesting not because of its influence. It is situated in the center of Cambridge, Massachusetts, a reference to Cambridge in the United Kingdom housing Cambridge University – the only elite university in the world that is public. To the north is Tuft University, an underdog pinned for a toughness that can’t be trumped on is no surprise where this is going. To the east is MIT, one of the finest technical schools on the planet. To the south is Boston University, the bottom up of the food chain in the circle of top schools completing the A-list of well-known universities round the area and the world. Finally, west is the commonwealth where the inhabitants reside known to have a sense of sturdiness, as well as studiousness. After realizing the fact that you are competing and teaming up with some of the best people in the world at their untapped potential as well as prime, it can overwhelm and crush anyone applying to this and the center of the universe formally known. No amount of studying can prepare anyone at any age because it is known to inhabit certain kinds of people with a certain kind of mindset which can’t be taught in any format. Earning the trust and respect of some of the greatest world leaders that have walked in these halls you will be studying in is no easy task and more work than it looks but if you succeed, it comes with its perks. When you embrace Harvard’s legacy, you take on a challenge not many people are prepared to handle whether it be the end of global hunger or reaching for world peace. Please watch your step as you move down for a while to learn how to make the world a better place. Welcome to Harvard University.
